This is license for SDL_ttf :

/*
  SDL_ttf:  A companion library to SDL for working with TrueType (tm) fonts
  Copyright (C) 1997-2013 Sam Lantinga <slouken@libsdl.org>

  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
  warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
  arising from the use of this software.

  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:

  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
     claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
     in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
     appreciated but is not required.
  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
     misrepresented as being the original software.
  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.
*/

This library is a wrapper around the excellent FreeType 2.0 library,
available at:
	http://www.freetype.org/

This library allows you to use TrueType fonts to render text in SDL
applications.

To make the library, first install the FreeType library, then type
'./configure' then 'make' to build the SDL truetype library and the
showfont and glfont example applications.

Be careful when including fonts with your application, as many of them
are copyrighted.  The Microsoft fonts, for example, are not freely 
redistributable and even the free "web" fonts they provide are only 
redistributable in their special executable installer form (May 1998).
There are plenty of freeware and shareware fonts available on the Internet
though, and may suit your purposes.

This library is under the zlib license, see the file "COPYING.txt" for details.

Portions of this software are copyright © 2013 The FreeType Project (www.freetype.org).  All rights reserved.

Enjoy!
	-Sam Lantinga <slouken@libsdl.org>		(6/20/2001)
